[Intro]
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
Paula Scher is one of my favourite graphic designers, her work with typography is absolutely amazing.
She was one of the few female designers that made a name for herself, so I am hoping one day to be at her level.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
I really enjoyed motion graphics, it was a whole new system for me but I really loved it.
I always had an admiration for animation and videography ever since I was a kid.
[What is your favourite colour? Pantone or hex?]
This is a hard question, because a lot of my work is very colorful. But if I had to choose, it would be blue.
[Where do you see yourself in 5 years?]
Well I would have my own studio business, a sort of one stop shop for clients.
We would offer photography, print, graphic design and motion graphics.
I also want to be a professor that teaches graphic design, I enjoy helping people and to teach that to the next generation would be amazing.
[What is your favourite Adobe application to work with?]
Mine is Photoshop, I use it all the time. I create a lot of digital art work with the brushes I have
and I am also a photographer so I do a lot of photo editing for my pictures.
[Outro]